Except my dad
Can Mr. Gu think of any other way to threaten me?
You did remind me
Your brother doesn't seem to know yet
How did he die?
You said if I told him
Will he give me something?
Or revenge for my father
You bastard hahahahaha
I'm not here today
Your temper has risen a lot
I don't need to stay in the hospital anymore
Pack up your things and come back with me
Mr. Gu
Go check it out for me right now. You're leaving the hospital
Go to all information Yes
I hope to cooperate with Mr. Gu this time.
Can be very enjoyable
Where? Where?
I also hope that Mr. Wei will give more advice
Hahaha, Premier Gu is too modest.
Thank you Mr. Gu for your hospitality today
Mr. Wei likes to run away
Secretary Lin looks familiar
I wonder if I can have a drink with Secretary Lin?
Certainly!
Hahahaha
Mr. Hu has investigated the monitoring
But
I didn't see how Miss Lin left the hospital